[Applause]
[Music]
this is my this is my little Sonny
everybody and she she came here to New
York with me and she misses her her mom
and sister so Jimmy was nice enough to
say it was okay to say hi to them you
want to go I'm surprising with this that
she does an Adam Sandler impression oh
you do yeah when you please do that for
us you look at a particular camera or
something like that just look straight
ahead go ahead
[Applause]
my nephew's they eat bugs
oh you don't want to hear you never know
what's gonna happen
yeah well maybe I should clear all the
kids out of here how you doing buddy
it's great to see you too and it's a
nice seat you bring your family around
you a very family-oriented man in
general absolutely I'm addicted to him I
love being with him and when I'm not
with him I'm very very depressed how do
they like the goatee is this is not
something I grew I it's so funny the
Brooklyn is so we went over to Brooklyn
Bridge and it automatically just grew on
I mentioned you were born in Bensonhurst
inches down that's actually I'm from
that area well I grew up in Mill Basin
but I actually Kings County Hospital
yeah I was May mana tea yeah okay yeah
right and I think we grew up like three
or four miles and we're almost exactly
the same age well I'm older than you
right I found that out last time I'm um
I don't want to say it but I don't think
my kid knows how old I am
all right I'm 52 how old were you when
you moved out of Brooklyn five five
years old yeah five so I moved to New
Hampshire right yeah all right
hi New England all right good day you
guys so what happens is my parents are
very Brooklyn very Brooklyn yeah we
moved to New Hampshire and I'm its first
grade and I'm very nervous about my
first day of school and I say to my dad
I'm scared of the boys they're gonna be
nasty to me and blah blah blah and my
father in a very Brooklyn way said go
find the biggest kid and just knock them
out I said for what he goes for being
the biggest kid and like all right so he
did nothing wrong but I should knock him
out knock him out let them all know just
let him know mark your turn
so all right go all right fine I'm
terrified that I have to do this I get
to school first day I'm the biggest kid
there
like 14th at New Hampshire kids just
beat the living crap
sounds like your dad gets a lot of
really great I show you this what oh no
one
this is I brought this special because
in life my father passed away a while
ago but I stole this my mother let me
take this from his closet this shows you
how Brooklyn my father
oh that's very Brooklyn that's really
your dad's belt it really is oh my gosh
did he ever use this you still have
family here in Brooklyn everybody passed
away everybody did hahaha
my thoughts made sure everybody passed
they didn't pay on time he took it no so
I was in I went I was doing a movie the
cobbler uh-huh right through your
childhood a few years ago and we're
doing a stem scene in the cemetery
and I tell my mother I'm shooting in
Brooklyn I met her said oh grandma's
buried there and literally like six
stones away from where the shooting I
saw my grandmother's name and I went
over and said hi to Grandma and stuff
and that was nice and then it reminded
me of my grandma's funeral so my
grandmother passed away had the funeral
in Brooklyn how old were you I was I was
going to NYU okay so I was like 18 it
was terrible I love my grandma very much
so anyways but my my
there was a on the BQE you we were
driving to the funeral all lined up all
driving in different cars me and my
brother were in a cart I was in a Buick
Century not a great car and I was last I
was driving and then there was like six
or seven cars going to the funeral and
then my car broke down on the BQE and we
couldn't fall we just see the cars take
it off and I was like oh no oh no we're
out we're and we pulled to the side and
we were just on the side of the BQE
and I was just waiting and me and my
brother like what are we gonna do and I
actually remember me and my brother got
out laid on the hood and suntanned
ourselves until
somebody came back and then my father
like 20 minutes later pulls up on the
highway goes what happened I say it
broke down he goes get in and I was like
what about the car he goes leave it and
so we go we just we do the funeral and
we eat and all that stuff
eight at Junior's cheesecake bite really
well yes yes and then I was like what
about the car he goes let's get the car
literally nothing left by the time
they're just just I don't even think all
four hubcaps just like one hubcap and my
brother don't I buried your grandma and
your car in the same day yeah it was
your dad a Yankees fan cuz I know you
were eventually he was he won that when
the Dodgers left he became a Yankee I
see he always a Brooklyn Dodgers fares a
very big sandy koufax and my mother was
a very big Harold Colfax fan who was our
pediatrician and apparently she used to
cheat on my father with this you moved
on your fight so do you notice like how
the waves Brooklyn has changed look at
when you drive around here
sure sure it's very nice now the it's
funny it got when I was young the
Brooklyn zoo was just like I remember
polar bears
ripped somebody's head off and threw it
threw it around had played catch with it
I went by recently and I saw one of the
polar bears was having bubble tea and
and recognized me as like hey I like
punch-drunk love but none of the others
very smooth if you liked that video
click the subscribe button but only if
you're ready for commitment